# CS-122A-Final-Project
This is my CS 122A Final project. This is a seat belt protector inspired by and for Tesla vehicles.

I came up with this project when I was looking up videos on the new Tesla feature that was added to reduce crashes in their vehicles, because of driver negligence to follow the warnings that the car continuously provided. There was an incident that I remember happening where there was this man who riding in his Tesla, as if it were a Taxicab, and was not holding on the steering wheel or even touching it, despite the vehicles several warnings. Unfortunately, for him, the car did have a complicated time on a road with the divider lines and went off course during a turn and crashed into a previously crashed barrier, thus killing the driver and totaling his Tesla. I was interested to know what safety steps were involved. After a little bit of research, I discovered they had this warning system setup and there was feedback that was sent to Tesla after the crash, informing them that certain things did deploy, messages were announced, and that the driver ignored the warnings by not following through and touching the sensors. Since then, there has been an update pushed out that will produce more warnings, each more obvious than the last and if all warnings have failed to be followed in a timely manner, then the car auto-disengages, comes to a halt and puts on flashers, and disables autopilot for the remainder of the driver’s trip. With that, I felt like I could develop something that Tesla may have partly implemented but should help protect more drivers and potentially save lives and reduce injury, in the event of an accident.

The project that I want to create is a seatbelt monitor. This seatbelt monitor will be currently used inside of Tesla vehicles, as it would use the capabilities of the Bluetooth dashboard as a means of communication between seats and the driver. This seatbelt monitor would also have the capabilities to disable the car as the autopilot does (as a punishment for being unsafe/allowing for serious injury/death). The seats would all have a way of communicating (more than likely through Bluetooth) and weight sensors. There would be constant communication between the sensors and the dashboard, which would also be attached to the computer. The driver would have to make sure that any seat that had a certain weight detected, would have a seatbelt on, or the vehicle would not start. The driver, would have the capability of disabling the feature on any seat except for the driver’s seat, if there could be something that weighed above the limit, but didn’t require a seatbelt (i.e. moving from one location to another, boxes could trigger the seatbelt break, but wouldn’t necessarily need to have a seatbelt on). The driver wouldn’t be able to disable the driver’s seat because there needs to be a driver always with a seatbelt on, as it works alongside with the autopilot system that requires a hand touch every so often. The driver/passenger would be able to not only disarm certain seats to allow the car to move, but the car would not shift out of park unless all seatbelts on all seats registered with a certain weight were buckled in.
